through the glass over the hedge follow
the rainbow to where my dreams begin
Josh usher I will be free I caught all
the Willoughby children ever wanted was
to have a normal family but their loving
parents have no love left over for them
[Music]
our parents are the worst just think
about how great our family could be if
they were gone how do you propose we
discard of two insidious Crona easy oh
not there there so that's why the
Willoughby children
we shall craft dangerous adventures
sending their parents on a trip to die
for either way and you know it out no
children allowed
[Music]
Family Services we've received reports
of children without parents kids we have
to go you don't have a family
they'll keep chasing you we have to stay
together we're gonna find a new family
[Music]
my duty is to look after you guys boy 1
and was a great family you have a great
family they need you and you need them
it's a candy factory drives a bitter
treat without someone sweets to share it
with what are you feeding her
[Music]